Model Registry docs (#3778)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/prepare-your-repositories.md

# Prepare Your Repositories

> Iterative Studio creates [projects] by identifying machine learning models,
> datasets, metrics and hyperparameters defined in your Git repositories. These
> values are found in JSON or YAML files in the repository. Additionally, model
> information may be available as Git tags.

Reviewer: Follow up to https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3778#discussion_r926428781

```suggestion
Iterative Studio creates [projects] by identifying machine learning models,
datasets, metrics, and hyperparameters defined in your Git repositories. These
values are mainly found in JSON or YAML files in the repository. Additional
model information may also be available in Git tags.
```

New ML model metadata can be added directly from the **Models** tab after
[creating a project]. You can also use [GTO] or [MLEM].

[projects]: /doc/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/what-is-a-project

> [creating a project]:
>   doc/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/create-a-project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[creating a project]:
  /doc/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/create-a-project
```
